We talked about reacts,
we have hooks for reacts,
which is available in
the exstate/react package over here.
We have that use machine hook
like we talked about, and
interestingly enough,
with view there are also hooks for view.
So if we look in packages exstate view,
we're going to see that
view actually has a very
similar setup to react with
the new composition API.
So with view, you're provided the use
machine hook, and in that hook,
remember, it's a little bit
different than react and
that you have to put it in setup in
that default object that you send back.
And so,
that's going to return the state and
send both of which are reactive values.
And then you could use that in your
view project as if you would use any
other value.
The state is going to update whenever any
state update, whether it's the context or
the finite state value or both changes and
the send, never changes but
it allows you to reactively send events
to that machine that's defined or
not defined, but
that's used in your components.
And so that's how I was able to make
the exstate view, minute machine without
much effort, because the machine
definition is already there, all I have
to do is plug that into view, and it is
guaranteed to work the exact same way.